website: 'https://www.hifiracks.co.uk/'
description: '<p>Hi Fi Racks is a family run business based in the heart of rural England. Established in 2007 as a one-man operation by Managing Director, Bradley Walters, the business has gone from strength to strength ever since. We now occupy a manufacturing workshop in Burrough on the hill, that’s staffed by a committed and passionate team of skilled craftsmen.</p><h3>‘One size doesn’t fit all’ – the Hi Fi Racks ethos</h3><p>Did you know that almost all our racks can be custom-built to any size or specification to meet your exact requirements? Each product is individually handmade at our workshop, so we can tailor-make your rack to any height, length, width or depth. We can even make you a completely bespoke rack to fit into a particular place. And the best bit? You won’t pay a premium for your custom rack – just the same pro rata price as for our standard racks.</p><p>As well as making any size of rack, we offer any leg length at no extra cost. All our legs are interchangeable so you can experiment with different furniture formats in your home. Our racks are also designed to be fully adaptable and upgradable, so they can be easily expanded or altered if your AV systems and requirements change over time.<br></p><p>We believe that the uniqueness of our product speaks for itself. No two racks are ever the same.</p>'
logo: /assets/hifi_racks_logo.gif
title: 'HiFi Racks'
id: 925b0dec-45f8-4d4a-8f5b-35afc4f03eca
product-categories:
  - racks
