date_listed: '2020-10-29'
original_accessories: 'Box, Packing, Manual'
new_retail_price: 7500
your_price: 5300
images:
  - /assets/img_3035.jpg
  - /assets/img_3036.jpg
  - /assets/img_3037.jpg
description: '<p>Mid-size room? Mid-size speaker.</p><p>Contour 30 steps it up a notch from the 20. Of course, it still treads the same path – one of honesty, transparency and sheer entertainment, but it puts it all in a bigger package.</p><p><a href="https://www.dynaudio.com/dynaudio-academy/2016/october/the-dynaudio-18w55-loudspeaker-driver">We’ve endowed Contour 30 with two 18cm MSP drivers</a>, as well as doubling up on the rear ports. What makes our drivers so special? Variable thickness across the diaphragm, for one thing.</p><p>And aluminium voice-coils, for another. We can make them extremely light – but also bigger than the old-style copper units you’ll find elsewhere. Lighter weight means larger diameters, which means we can use more windings, which means we have more control over the cone movement. And that means more control over the sound – especially at high frequencies and high volumes. Sure, we experimented with small voice-coils on the new Contour – the size other companies might use. The measurements said they should work for Contour. Our ears said otherwise, so we went big. Our ears were right.</p><p>And, of course, we’ve included<a href="https://www.dynaudio.com/dynaudio-academy/2017/may/the-principle-behind-a-dynaudio-tweeter-esotar-forty-vs-esotar-2">&nbsp;the ultra-pure, ultra-clear, ultra-sweet-sounding Esotar2 fabric soft-dome tweeter.</a>&nbsp;You might also notice that we’ve put it back on top of the mid/bass drivers. Never let it be said that we don’t read our fan-mail.</p><p>And because we’re irrepressible tinkerers, we’ve given the inside a makeover, too. As with the Contour 20 and Contour 60, the Contour ’30 has new baskets to hold the drivers themselves, as well as&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dynaudio.com/dynaudio-academy/2016/october/the-all-new-contour-crossover">a new crossover and new wiring</a>. We listened to our old Contours for months – the whole range (as if we needed an excuse) – and decided we wanted the crossover to serve up even better bass. So now, you can go louder and lower. You’re welcome.</p><p>While our engineers and designers were hunkered down listening to everything from jazz, to classical, to metal, to electronica, the team in our on-site factory were scouring sustainable sources for high-quality materials and finishes. They make sure all Contours are furniture-grade: perfectly built, perfectly finished and perfectly packaged.</p><p>Sensitivity: 87dB (2,83V / 1m)</p><p>IEC Power Handling: 300W</p><p>Impedance: 4 Ohms</p><p>Frequency Response (±3dB): 32Hz – 23kHz</p><p>Box Principle: Bass Reflex Rear Ported</p><p>Crossover: 2½ way</p><p>Crossover Frequency: (300) / 2200Hz</p><p>Crossover Topology: 2nd order</p>'
pairs_well_with:
  - 7a47ae6c-5f00-4b17-9d07-959b979177e1
  - e31024ec-0e33-497c-9829-3bcf6c929e6d
  - 77ba446b-cef2-4b08-84a0-af4e1ef4d7b7
  - 4071fad0-6353-4383-891f-b625e4108fbc
also_consider:
  - 7a47ae6c-5f00-4b17-9d07-959b979177e1
  - 3d979e9b-2ca0-48ad-b7af-2582aded146f
title: 'Dynaudio Contour 30 Floor-Standing Speakers (Demo), Rosewood Finish'
id: 3cbba368-2c0b-4657-bb45-96393902c7b7
