manufacturer: 148f72bf-1180-478b-9a24-ebf04d94888d
product_hero_image: /assets/2m_bronze_verso_230pix.png
available_for_demo: true
description: '<p>The 2M Bronze features a nude Fine Line diamond stylus, which is particularly suited for demanding applications. The slim profile of the Fine Line stylus will track even the highest frequency information, making it a must for discerning listeners. Additionally, its larger footprint ensures reduced distortion and record wear.<br>The cartridge body used for the 2M Bronze is manufactured from a newly-developed Lexan DMX Piano Black, a revolutionary material which ensures high rigidity while eliminating unwanted resonances.</p><p>We have optimized the design for ease of mounting the cartridge, and the weight and size to fit the most common turntables on the market today. The 2M Series provides excellent compatibility when used in an assortment of playback systems and with a wide variety of phono preamps.</p><p>The 2M Bronze uses a special upgraded engine, featuring split pole pins with a silver plated copper wire.</p><p>The 2M Bronze Verso model is an alternative product for bottom mount tonearms.</p><p>To find the recommended Ortofon replacement cartridge for your turmtable/tonearm please visit our Replacement cartridges selectOrtofon.</p>'
price: 440
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li>Output voltage at 1000 Hz, 5cm/sec. 5 mV</li><li>Channel balance at 1 kHz 1 dB</li><li>Channel separation at 1 kHz 26 dB</li><li>Channel separation at 15 kHz 15 dB</li><li>Frequency range at – 3dB 20-29.000 Hz</li><li>Frequency response 20-20.000 + 2 / – 0 dB</li><li>Tracking ability at 315Hz at recommended tracking force 80 ¬µm</li><li>Compliance, dynamic, lateral 22 ¬µm/mN</li><li>Stylus type Nude Fine Line</li><li>Stylus tip radius r/R 8/40 ¬µm</li><li>Tracking force range 1,4-1,7g (14-17 mN)</li><li>Tracking force, recommended 1,5 g (15 mN)</li><li>Tracking angle 20¬∞</li><li>Internal impedance, DC resistance 1,2 kOhm</li><li>Internal inductance 630 mH</li><li>Recommended load resistance 47 kOhm</li><li>Recommended load capacitance 150-300 pF</li><li>Cartridge colour, body/stylus Black/Bronze</li><li>Cartridge weight 7,2 g</li><li>Replacement stylus unit 2M Bronze (interchangeable with 2M Black)</li><li>Stylus protection guard 2M Bronze&nbsp;&nbsp;</li></ul>'
has_files: false
title: '2M Bronze'
id: 50db09fa-db58-43ef-9cb1-a15f0f39f82e
product-categories: phono-cartridges
system_category: source
