manufacturer: 5815c329-d4fc-4b36-b4ca-1eeaffa54f39
product_hero_image: /assets/sp-alpha-v2-full-1200x800.jpg
available_for_demo: true
description: '<p><strong>HARP</strong>&nbsp;was discovered during Caelin Gabriel’s research into&nbsp;<i>current drift</i>&nbsp;and audio frequency current resonances that occur in speaker cables. These resonances are roughly analogous to standing waves (modals) in room acoustics. The exclusive HARP module acts as a current-mode diffraction device that breaks up these resonances, improving the perceived resolution and coherency of the system.</p><p><i>— Improved resolution and clarity</i>.</p><p><strong>‌‌ArNi</strong><sup>®&nbsp;</sup>wire was designed by Shunyata Research to be the finest quality wire available. It begins with the highest purity of copper and silver metals available, including Ohno (<em>single crystal</em>), PCOCC silver and OFE C0101 conductors.&nbsp;Fluorocarbon dielectrics, usually only found in aerospace applications that have exceptional electrical characteristics including extremely low dielectric absorption, high dielectric strength and superb heat resistance.&nbsp;&nbsp;When used in digital wiring it significantly reduces transient energy storage and release which affects phase noise performance.</p><p><i>— And finally every cable undergoes our proprietary KPIP™ process</i></p><p><strong>VTX-Ag</strong>&nbsp;cables are uniquely constructed with both an inner, center conductor made of pure silver and an outer concentric ring conductor made of pure copper.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is made using the finest fluorocarbon insulation to minimize dielectric absorption and re-radiation which translates to an improvement in resolution and clarity.&nbsp;&nbsp;VTX-Ag delivers the speed and clarity of silver and the midrange warmth and three dimensional power in the lower octaves of copper without imparting any of the negatives associated with either metal.</p><p><i>— The best qualities of silver and copper combined.</i></p><p>Shunyata Research uses only the highest purity of copper available for the production of its wire products.&nbsp;&nbsp;<strong>OFE Alloy 101</strong>&nbsp;or C10100 is the highest grade of copper with a&nbsp;<i>minimum</i>&nbsp;99.99% purity and a conductivity rating of 101% IACS. OFE stands for&nbsp;<i>oxygen-free electrolytic</i>&nbsp;and supersedes the term OFHC (<i>oxygen-free high conductivity</i>).&nbsp;&nbsp;C10100 is the&nbsp;<i>only</i>&nbsp;grade of copper that comes with a written certification of purity.</p><p>—&nbsp;<i>Certified by ASTM F68</i></p><p>Simple crimping, soldering, brazing and screws are all inferior methods of joining two wires or terminals together. Sonic welding uses high-energy sonic waves to literally join two metals together at a molecular level and cold-welding uses high-energy pneumatic pressure to bond metals. Shunyata Research uses both methods to secure connections that do not degrade over time.</p><p>—<i>&nbsp;Superior contact and wire connections.</i></p>'
price: 4336
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
shipping: 40
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<h3>Specifications</h3><h3>ALPHA v2 Speaker Cable</h3><p><strong>Cable Type</strong>:&nbsp;<i>VTX-Ag 06</i></p><p><strong>Conductors</strong>:&nbsp;<i>ArNi&nbsp;</i><sup>®</sup>&nbsp;OFE</p><p><strong>Dielectric</strong>: fluorocarbon</p><p><strong>Connectors:&nbsp;</strong>SR-SP-v</p><p><strong>HARP Module</strong>: single</p><p><strong>KPIP Processing:</strong>&nbsp;4-days</p><p><strong>Standard Length:</strong>&nbsp;2.00 meters</p><p><strong>Safety Assurance</strong></p><p>Continuity and polarity tests – by two technicians<br>HiPOT tests insulation breakdown @ 1,200 VAC</p>'
has_files: false
title: 'Alpha v2 Speaker Cable 2.5 Meter'
id: 5d195eeb-bb3a-4cc4-93c6-8e0612ddf020
product-categories: speaker-cables
system_category: cables
