manufacturer: befbb021-9e3e-4bec-b7e7-fdf17d06ed64
product_hero_image: /assets/fyne-f302.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'If our F501 review had your mouth watering, but put your bank account in peril, Fyne has provided with another class-leader. One that belies its extremely reasonable price tag at every turn.'
quote_attribution: 'WHAT Hi-Fi'
description: '<p>Taking the performance characteristic of its sibling F301 bookshelf design, the floor-standing F302, with its increased cabinet volume, takes the music listening experience to an altogether more dynamic level. The enhanced depth of bass will be appreciated even if listening to the speaker at relatively low volume levels. And the increased power handling capacity ensures that our F301 won''t suffer from musical compression or distortion for those times when you just have to turn up the volume.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h3><br></h3>'
price: 745
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
shipping: 0
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<h3>Product Specifications</h3><ul><li>System Type: 2 way, rear ported</li><li>Recommended amplifier power (Watt RMS): 30-120</li><li>Continuous power handling (Watt RMS): 60</li><li>Sensitivity (2.83 Volt @ 1m): 90dB</li><li>Nominal impedance: 8 Ohm</li><li>Frequency response (-6dB typical in room): 36Hz-28kHz</li><li>Drive unit complement: 1 x 150mm multi-fibre bass/ mid 1 x 25mm polyester dome tweeter</li><li>Crossover frequency: 3.2kHz</li><li>Crossover type: 2nd order low pass, 3rd order high pass</li><li>Dimensions - HxWxD: (36.7 x 7.5 x 10.7)</li><li>Weight - Each: (29.3lb)</li><li>Finishes: Walnut / Black Ash / Light Oak</li></ul>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>At $425/pair, the Fyne Audio F301 loudspeakers punch way above their price point. Their ability to cast a wide, deep sound-stage with super imaging was as good as any bookshelf speaker I''ve had in house. Their serious jump factor and meaty bass frequencies were a consistent treat. The speaker''s slightly dry upper frequencies demand careful amplifier matching, but otherwise, for a sub-$500 speaker, there''s not a lot to criticize. Coherent to their core, they never made me focus on a single aspect of their performance but led me deeply into the whole of the music. Whatever the reason, the F301s are an unmitigated success for the young Scottish company. I can''t wait to hear its elder siblings.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>'
    attribution: Stereophile
    link: 'https://www.stereophile.com/content/fyne-audio-f301-loudspeaker'
    date_of_review: '2020-04-17'
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>It’s rare to find floorstanding all-rounders at less than £500 able to compete in every respect with the wealth of quality standmount speakers available at the same price.</p><p>Which only serves to demonstrate just what a sterling job Fyne has done with the F302s.</p><p>If our F501 review had your mouth watering, but put your bank account in peril, Fyne has provided with another class-leader. One that belies its extremely reasonable price tag at every turn.</p><p><br></p>'
    attribution: 'WHAT Hi-Fi'
    link: 'https://www.whathifi.com/us/fyne-audio/f302/review'
    date_of_review: '2018-10-08'
title: F302
id: 3327966e-3d71-43da-a2ec-409aa1eaa484
product-categories: speakers
system_category: speakers
