manufacturer: befbb021-9e3e-4bec-b7e7-fdf17d06ed64
product_hero_image: /assets/fyne-f501.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'The F501 delivers outstanding detail resolution, mid-band clarity, and spectacular imaging.'
quote_attribution: 'The Absolute Sound'
description: '<p>The award winning F501 is the smaller of the two floor-standing loudspeakers in the F500 series but capable of delivering low bass and effortless dynamics from a compact, small footprint cabinet. Bringing additional scale and power to the F500 series signature clarity and articulation, the 150mm proprietary IsoFlareTM driver is accompanied by a matched 150mm bass driver. The IsoFlareTM driver delivers isotropic energy radiation with point source constant directivity providing outstanding stereo imaging, even off axis. Ideal for small to medium-sized rooms, the F501 is supplied with a dedicated plinth incorporating our BassTraxTM Tractrix diffuser system, which integrates bass energy uniformly into the room.</p><p>The luxuriously finished, contemporary styled cabinet is available in a choice of dark oak or black oak real wood veneer and piano gloss black or white. Enhancing its aesthetic appeal, it has a gently curved front and rear baffle which additionally benefits the acoustic performance by reducing coloration effects.</p><h3><br></h3>'
price: 1795
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
shipping: 0
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<h3>Product Specifications</h3><ul><li>System Type: 2 ½ way, downwards firing port, with BassTraxTMTractrix diffuser. Twin cavity coupled reflex</li><li>Recommended amplifier power (Watt RMS): 35- 150</li><li>Continuous power handling (Watt RMS): 75</li><li>Sensitivity (2.83 Volt @ 1m): 90dB</li><li>Nominal impedance: 8 Ohm</li><li>Frequency response (-6dB typical in room): 36Hz- 34kHz</li><li>Drive unit complement: 1 x 150mm IsoFlareTM, multi-fiber bass / mid with 25mm titanium dome compression tweeter 1 x 150mm multi-fiber bass</li><li>Crossover frequency: 250Hz &amp; 1.7kHz</li><li>Crossover type: 2nd order low pass, 1st order high pass</li><li>Dimensions - HxWxD: (38.8 x 7.9 x 12.6)</li><li>Weight - Each: (41.7lb)</li><li>Finishes: Dark Oak / Black Oak / Piano Gloss Black / Piano Gloss White</li></ul>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>The F501 looks and feels like a mature product that has been brilliantly executed. It proved easy to listen to over long listening sessions. Initial listening excitement sometimes wears off pretty quickly. Not so with the Fyne F501. I continued listening late into the night. With my eyes closed, I could imagine being teleported to the original recording venue, not exactly front row, but a satisfying mid-hall perspective. The F501 delivers outstanding detail resolution, mid-band clarity, and spectacular imaging. Add excellent transient speed and control to the sonic mix, especially when partnered by solid-state amplification, and what you end up with is a mighty-fine Fyne F501—a compelling buy at its price point.&nbsp; &nbsp;</p>'
    attribution: 'by Dick Olsher (Absolute Sound)'
    link: 'https://www.theabsolutesound.com/articles/fyne-audio-f501-loudspeaker/'
    date_of_review: '2020-04-22'
title: F501
id: 5ef220a9-1724-4553-a4af-aa61a32a2485
product-categories: speakers
system_category: speakers
