manufacturer: befbb021-9e3e-4bec-b7e7-fdf17d06ed64
product_hero_image: /assets/f702-high-gloss-black-front-goff-small-floorstander-600x600.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'First impressions, then, and it’s pretty clear that the F702s are a very free and expressive loudspeaker.'
quote_attribution: 'Steve Dickinson - HiFi Plus'
description: '<p>This elegant, contemporary speaker distils the best of Fyne Audio’s new technologies and expertise into a midsized floorstanding design. The F702 blends a 200mm IsoFlare point source driver and 200mm multi-fibre bass driver into a twin cavity tuned cabinet with a BassTrax LF diffuser integrated into the down firing port. Articulate, powerful and capable of delivering stunning dynamics and real world volumes, the F702 is ideal for recreating a truly captivating Hi-Fi listening experience in mid to large sized rooms.</p>'
price: 8995
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: false
shipping: 3
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p>System Type 2 ½ way, downwards firing port, with BassTrax™ Tractrix diffuser*, twin cavity loading system</p><p>Recommended amplifier power (Watt RMS)30 - 200</p><p>Continuous power handling (Watt RMS)100</p><p>Sensitivity (2.83 Volt @ 1m)92dB</p><p>Nominal impedance 8 Ohm</p><p>Frequency response (-6dB typical in room) 30Hz - 34kHz</p><p>Drive unit complement1 x 200mm IsoFlare™ point source driver, multi-fibre bass / midrange cone, FyneFlute™ surround with 25mm magnesium dome compression tweeter, neodymium magnet system . 1 x 200mm multi-fibre bass / midrange cone, FyneFlute™ surround.</p><p>Crossover frequency 250Hz &amp; 1.7kHz</p><p>Crossover type Bi-wired passive low loss, 2nd order low pass, 1st order high pass, cryogenically treated</p><p>Dimensions - HxWxD1111 x 384 x 439mm (43.7 x 15.1 x 17.3”)</p><p>Weight - Each30.5kg (67.2lbs)</p><p>FinishesPiano Gloss Walnut / Piano Gloss Black / Piano Gloss White</p>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>The Fyne Audio F702s are all about insight; it seems. That view into the music-making which we almost take for granted at live events, but often struggle to recreate in our own homes. Yes, it’s about detail and resolving power, timing, and the ability to scale from intimate to expansive, subtle to bombastic; but above all, it’s the ability to do it in a way which doesn’t draw attention to itself. The music speaks, and a fine (pun intended) system does its best to get out of the way. The F702 is a tremendously accomplished loudspeaker, and given that Fyne Audio is such a young company, this is a truly remarkable achievement. It just shows what years of collective experience can do when given their head.</p>'
    attribution: 'Steve Dickinson - HiFi Plus'
    link: 'https://www.hifiplus.com/articles/fyne-audio-f702-floorstanding-loudspeakers/?page=3'
    date_of_review: '2020-10-22'
title: F702
id: c1cd1f32-599a-4d2d-a021-ee2fdc771429
product-categories: speakers
system_category: speakers
