manufacturer: 5815c329-d4fc-4b36-b4ca-1eeaffa54f39
product_hero_image: /assets/alpha-a10-uk-silver-front-2-1800x1200.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'It lowered the noise floor of my audio system, letting me experience cleaner sound with music that demands the absolute quietest background for proper reproduction.'
quote_attribution: Soundstage!
description: '<h3>DTCD®&nbsp;DESIGNED (<em>Dynamic Transient Current Delivery</em>)</h3><p>The Alpha A12 was designed using Shunyata Research’s DTCD®<strong>&nbsp;</strong>analyzer. DTCD®&nbsp;Analysis measures instantaneous current through extremely low-impedance electrical conductors and contacts.&nbsp; Shunyata Research uses it to optimize the design and performance of our power conditioners and power cabling.</p><h3>CCI™ NOISE REDUCTION</h3><p>Traditional power conditioners are designed to block incoming noise from outside the home but do not address the noise that is generated by the electronic components themselves. In fact, most conditioners reflect noise back into other components connected to the power conditioner. CCI™ (<em>Component-to-Component Interference)</em>&nbsp;is one of the most significant but often overlooked aspects to power system performance. Shunyata’s CCI™ filter consists of a proprietary multi-stage filter that reduces electrical noise and power supply generated interference.</p><h3>NIC™ NOISE REDUCTION</h3><p>The NIC™ (<em>Noise Isolation Chamber)</em>&nbsp;is a patented technology that reduces high frequency power line noise. NICs™ use&nbsp;<em>ferroelectric</em>&nbsp;substances that actually absorb high frequency noise. This allows the Alpha A12 power distributor to reduce noise without any of the negative interactions associated with conventional power conditioner designs.<br>[&nbsp;US Patent: 8,658,892 ]</p><h3>GP-NR NOISE REDUCTION</h3><p>When it comes to reducing noise, engineers focus primarily on the AC electrical lines, with little thought given to the ground lines. The incoming ground line and the internal power conditioner ground plane can actually act as antennae, drawing in electrical noise that may interfere with the operation of the connected components.&nbsp;<em>Ground Plane Noise Reduction</em>&nbsp;is a proprietary technology developed by Shunyata Research to significantly reduce interference caused by this phenomenon, thereby providing a more pure audio experience.</p><h3>ZONES OF ISOLATION</h3><p>The Alpha A12 features six zones of isolation. The Alpha A12 (US, AS, EU) is configured in such a manner that each duplex is individually isolated. The Alpha A10 UK model also features six zones of isolation, with four isolated duplexes and two individually isolated outlets. This design principle provides for a high level of noise isolation while delivering exceptional audio and video performance.</p><h3>&nbsp;HIGH CURRENT CAPABILITY</h3><p>The Alpha A12 is rated at a full 20 Amps of continuous current (16 Amps on EU model), ensuring unfettered power delivery to complex entertainment systems, including those with high-powered amplifiers. Advanced electromagnetic breakers in addition to massive buss and 8-gauge ArNi<sup>®</sup>&nbsp;conductors provide exceptional dynamic contrast and bass impact.</p><h3>HYDRAULIC ELECTROMAGNETIC BREAKER</h3><p>Common power conditioners use fuses or thermal breakers for over-current protection. When heavily loaded, they may cause voltage drops, increased contact impedance, thermal noise, excessive heat generation, and current-limiting effects. The Alpha A12 uses a more advanced solution called a&nbsp;<em>hydraulic electromagnetic breaker</em>&nbsp;that operates right up to the maximum current rating without the limitations of fuses or thermal breakers.</p><h3>HIGH-QUALITY OUTLETS</h3><p>The US and Asian model Alpha A12 power conditioners include Hubbell outlets that use a&nbsp;<em>triple-wipe contact</em>&nbsp;system and have broad contact areas to grip a plug from three different sides, providing superior electrical integrity. Hubbell outlets feature a solid brass back-strap that ensures a reliable ground connection that may reduce noise and hum. The Alpha A12 EU and Alpha A10 UK employ mains sockets that feature copper alloy contacts designed to accept large-gauge conductors.</p><h3>CABLE CRADLE SUPPORT SYSTEM</h3><p>The Alpha A12 includes Shunyata Research’s unique solution to the problem of heavy high-end power cables. The Cable Cradle supports the weight of the power cables, preventing them from pulling away from the outlet. This system is designed to ensure reliable and secure electrical connections.</p><p><em>The Cable Cradle is only available on US and AS models</em></p><h3>ArNi®&nbsp;CONDUCTORS</h3><p>Shunyata Research has developed a proprietary line of ArNi<sup>®</sup>&nbsp;conductors. They are made from certified OFE C10100 (<em>Certified ASTM F68</em>) copper. The wire strands are arrayed in a unique&nbsp;<em>hollow tube</em>&nbsp;VTX™ geometry that reduces skin effects. ArNi<sup>®&nbsp;</sup>conductors are treated with Shunyata Research’s exclusive&nbsp;<em>Kinetic Phase Inversion Process&nbsp;</em>(KPIP™) for a period of 8 days.</p><h3>VIBRATION MANAGEMENT</h3><p>Mechanical vibration can be very destructive to system performance. The Alpha A12 was designed from its inception to include advanced forms of vibration control that improve the recovery of subtle musical detail and nuance. All chassis panels and internal structures are treated with vibration-dampening materials. The outlets are individually isolated from the chassis with vibration-dampening gaskets that reduce vibration conducted through the AC cables. All internal modules, filters, and electronics are encapsulated in a vibration-absorbent compound.</p><h3>KPIP™ “BLACKBIRD” PROCESSOR</h3><p>Each Alpha A12 is treated with Shunyata Research’s proprietary&nbsp;<em>Kinetic Phase Inversion Process (KPIP™).&nbsp;</em>The<em>&nbsp;KPIP™&nbsp;</em>dramatically reduces burn-in time and significantly improves sonic performance.</p><h3>CRYOGENIC TREATMENT</h3><p>Many of the electrical components in the Alpha A12 are treated in Shunyata Research’s own advanced&nbsp;<em>computer-controlled</em>&nbsp;cryogenics lab. Further cryogenic treatment of the unit is strongly discouraged, and will void your warranty.</p><h3>VIBRATION-DAMPENING FOOTER</h3><p>The Alpha A12 comes standard with Shunyata Research’s vibration dampening-footers. Power distributors react very similarly to amplifiers in relationship to floor-borne vibration. Shunyata Research’s footers were specifically designed to reduce vibration from the supporting platform.</p><p>The footers may be optionally upgraded to SSF-50 stainless steel footers. After researching multiple forms of energy dissipation methods, Shunyata Research developed the SSF-50 to provide the performance characteristics of an expensive after-market isolator but at a fraction of the cost.</p>'
price: 4500
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
shipping: 50
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p><strong>MAXIMUM VOLTAGE<br></strong>– 90-125 VAC RMS unregulated<strong><br></strong>– US maximum continuous current: 20A<strong><br></strong>– US max current/outlet: 15A<strong><br></strong>– Maximum transient protection: 40,000 A @ 8/50&nbsp;<em>μ</em>s</p><p><strong>OVER-CURRENT PROTECTION<br></strong>– Hydraulic electromagnetic breaker</p><p><strong>NOISE SUPPRESSION<br></strong>– Input to Output (100 kHz – 30 MHz): &gt; 50 dB reduction<br>– Zone to Zone (100 kHz – 30 MHz): &gt; 60 dB reduction</p><p><strong>OUTLETS &amp; CONNECTORS<br></strong>– Zones of Isolation: 6 Zones<br>– Inlet: IEC C19R<br>– US outlets: 12 NEMA 5-20R<br>– AS outlets: 12 NEMA 5-20R<br>– EU sockets: 12 CEE 7/3</p><p><strong>WIRING SYSTEM<br></strong>– 8 gauge ArNi® VTX Buss system<br>– 10 gauge ArNi® VTX outlet wiring<br>– Ratings: 600 VAC 105° C</p><p><strong>VIBRATION CONTROL<br></strong>– Vibration dampening panels (internal)<br>– AC outlet dampening gaskets<br>– Shunyata Isolation Footer (standard)<br>– Shunyata Isolation SSF-50 Footer (optional)</p><p><strong>CONSTRUCTION<br></strong>– All aluminum chassis<br>– Anodized, brushed aluminum faceplate</p><p><strong>DIMENSIONS<br></strong>– Width: 17 inches<br>– Depth: 11.5 inches<br>– Height: 6.3 inches<br>– Weight: 19.5 lbs.</p>'
has_files: false
title: 'Hydra Alpha A12'
id: 1738c20e-d73e-4764-800b-1f119865c98b
product-categories: power-conditioners
system_category: accessories
