manufacturer: b5d88b65-746a-44a9-a0e9-ec1f68555b63
product_hero_image: /assets/aurender-n100h-server-streamer.png
quote: 'Aurender’s N100H brings you a surprising amount of the technology, sound quality, and outstanding user experience of the flagship W20 for a fraction of the price.'
quote_attribution: 'The Absolute Sound (Editor''s Choice Award)'
description: '<p>The Aurender N100H digital music player supports DSD (DSF, DFF), WAV, FLAC, ALAC, APE, AIFF, M4A and other major formats at native bit and sampling rates. Equipped with a high performance USB digital audio output, Ethernet port,&nbsp; 120GB solid-state drive for cached playback, the N100H is also the ideal solution for playing high resolution digital music collections from NAS.</p><ul><li>120GB SSD for caching playback</li><li>2TB internal storage</li><li>Cached playback of internal and NAS contents</li><li>Clean USB audio class 2.0 output</li><li>Full linear power supply</li><li>Machined aluminum case</li><li>3.0 inch AMOLED display</li><li>Switchable for a variety of modes, including names of artists and music titles</li><li>Gigabit Ethernet LAN Port for network connectivity</li><li>Award-winning Aurender App with convenient features</li><li>Remote internet technical support</li></ul><h3>Innovative Technology</h3><p>The N100H digital music player incorporates many innovations originally developed for the higher priced Aurender S10 and W20 models,&nbsp;including a solid-state drive cache for playback which eliminates &nbsp;latency and drop-outs from NAS drives. The high performance USB digital audio output was developed using the same engineering as the USB outputs&nbsp;on the flagship Aurender W20.</p><h3>Gigabit Ethernet LAN Port for Network Connectivity</h3><p>For network connectivity, streaming, upgrades and file transfers, the N100H has a Gigabyte Ethernet port along with two USB 2.0 data&nbsp;ports for copying files from USB memories.</p><h3>Aurender App with Convenient Features</h3><p>The Aurender Condutor App turns the iPad into a versatile user interface for Aurender Music Players and makes managing, viewing and playing&nbsp;high resolution music collections a breeze. All settings and functions of the Aurender Music Server/Player can be easily accessed through&nbsp;the Settings menu of the Aurender App.</p><p>Android App(Lite Version) is also available.</p><h3>AMM(Aurender Media Manager) – cover art &amp; other meta-tag support for contents on the NAS</h3><p>The Aurender Music Server/Player series could play contents on the NAS by file/folder browsing. With the help of AMM for PC/Mac, N100H and all other existing Aurender Music server series can display and use meta-tag information of the contents on the NAS the same as the content in the Aurender’s internal Storage.</p><h3>Network streaming with Solid-State Drive Cache for Playback</h3><p>If a selected song or album is already cached to the solid-state&nbsp;drive, N100H will play from the internal SSD. This minimizes wear and tear on the NAS drive. Also, by caching songs to the solid-state drive for&nbsp;playback, it eliminates music quality degradation or even drop outs of music due to non-optimal network connection from the NAS to the streamer.</p><h3>Dedicated USB Audio Class 2.0 Output with Noise Free Power Circuitry</h3><p>The dedicated USB Audio Class 2.0 output is designed to deliver an exceptionally transparent audio signal free of noise and is shielded&nbsp;from outside electronic interference.</p><h3>Full Linear Power Supply</h3><p>A full linear power supply provides clean and stable power to the CPU circuit and audio output circuit.</p><h3>Remote Internet Technical Support</h3><p>Sending a Remote Support Request using the Aurender Conductor App allows engineers to quickly diagnose and fix problems over&nbsp;the Internet, should they occur.</p>'
available_for_demo: true
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li><b>Width:</b> ​Half-Size (215 mm / 8.46 in)</li><li><b>Height:&nbsp;</b>45 mm / 1.77 in</li><li><b>Length:&nbsp;</b>355 mm / 14.0 in​</li><li><b>Weight:&nbsp;</b>4.6 kg / 10.14 lb</li><li><b>SSD for System and Cache​:&nbsp;</b>120G​</li><li><b>Music Storage​:&nbsp;</b>2TB (2.5″ HDD)</li><li><b>Power:</b> ​Full-Linear​</li><li><b>Display​:&nbsp;</b>3.0″ AMOLED​</li><li><b>Digital Audio Output​:</b> USB</li><li><b>​Master Clock Input:</b> -</li><li><b>​​Other I/O:</b> Gigabit Ethernet, USB Port x 2</li><li><b>​Power Consumption​:&nbsp;</b>16.5Watt(Play Only), 20Watt(Peak), 0.7Watt(Stand By)&nbsp;&nbsp;</li></ul><p><i>* DAC must support DSD over PCM (DoP) version 1.2. Only plays uncompressed DSD (No DST)<br>Specifications are subject to change without notice.</i></p>'
has_files: false
title: 'N100H Server / Streamer'
id: b47ef71f-546f-4654-bc57-1a46019ecc70
product-categories: server-streaming
system_category: source
