manufacturer: 721789d8-be8d-44cc-9c35-a5c8b27ddb09
product_hero_image: /assets/rb880_a-1595699025.png
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'Designed using the latest 3D CAD & CAM technology, the new RB880 is the culmination of almost 40 years of tonearm design experience.'
quote_attribution: Rega
description: '<p>A brand new low mass precision engineered vertical bearing assembly has been&nbsp;manufactured&nbsp;to further complement the inherent design philosophy of the&nbsp;Planar 8&nbsp;turntable. The&nbsp;RB880&nbsp;uses the latest&nbsp;Rega&nbsp;arm tube. Completely redesigned to redistribute mass and further reduce stresses and&nbsp;resonances. This advanced design tube increases the stiffness and rigidity of the overall assembly using CAD design to blend the multiple varying tapers.</p><p>Externally we have fitted a bespoke&nbsp;Rega&nbsp;designed low capacitance&nbsp;phono&nbsp;cable. Which uses an advanced&nbsp;phono&nbsp;plug assembly. This has only two parts to&nbsp;minimize&nbsp;joints and incorporates a twist and clamp design locking the plug to the terminal. The design increases connectivity and ensures the signal path is kept as clean as possible.</p>'
price: 1195
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
monthly_featuree: false
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>The new RB880 arm is an evolution of the older RB330. Looking at it from the side you can see a new stainless/aluminum composite vertical bearing housing that is said to greatly improved performance. The arm uses low tolerance, hand-adjusted Japan-sourced ABEC bearings. No you cannot adjust azimuth but you can adjust VTA/SRA using either individual spacers between arm and plinth (which necessitates removing the arm) or the ingenious Acoustic Signature integrated spacers, which only requires that you loosen the 3 arm mounting bolts and slip one of the available thickness spacers, between the plinth and arm and then tighten. Or, you can remove the standard issue Rega dust attracting felt mat and use a thinner one to “raise” VTA/SRA or a thinner one to “lower” it!</p>'
    attribution: 'Michael Fremer, Analog Planet'
    link: 'https://www.analogplanet.com/content/rega-researchs-less-much-more-planar-8-plus-exclusive-interview'
    date_of_review: '2019-03-06'
title: RB880
id: 64956bca-1ef3-4ba8-89fd-abdeabfd2c74
product-categories: tone-arms
system_category: source
