manufacturer: 0ba12c13-d6f2-424a-90d4-3f09d3d3ee83
product_hero_image: /assets/sr125e-3quarter-trans.png
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'It’s possible to hear what anybody says within six feet of you, and they’ll hear every note you listen to, too. Don’t wear these on a bus; the Grados are supposed to be experienced at home, on your lonesome. Why? Because the sound is astonishingly good.'
quote_attribution: 'What HiFi'
description: '<p>Grado''s ability to combine lightness with extreme rigidity and internal damping has been put to good use on the SR125e. The&nbsp;SR125e&nbsp;features&nbsp;a state-of-the-art driver and cable design utilizing UHPLC (Ultra-High Purity, Long Crystal) copper voice coil wire. With the 8 conductor cable design you will notice&nbsp;outstanding control and stability of the upper and lower range of the frequency spectrum, with both&nbsp;supporting Grado''s world renowned midrange. The Diaphragms are put through a special de-stressing process in order to enhance inner detail. The way the SR125e''s new driver, cable and plastic housing move air and react to sound vibrations are&nbsp;virtually unaffected by transient distortions. Bass, midrange and treble are&nbsp;open and you will enjoy the fine tonal spread and balance. The SR125e will produce a sound that is pure Grado, with warm harmonic colors, rich full bodied vocals, excellent dynamics, and an ultra-smooth top en</p>'
price: 150
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: false
shipping: 20
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li>Transducer Type: Dynamic</li><li>Operating Principle: Open Air</li><li>Frequency Response: 20 - 20,000 hz</li></ul><ul><li>SPL 1mW: 99.8 dB</li><li>Nominal Impedance: 32 ohms</li><li>Driver Matched dB: .1 dB</li></ul><p>In the Box: Headphones, Warranty, Grado story-sheet, 6.5mm Golden Adapter</p>'
has_files: false
title: SR125e
id: a415450c-c6b9-4946-ad81-9217a86b2a6d
product-categories: headphones
system_category: headphones
