manufacturer: 0718d279-b5eb-4605-ab95-0b9057757ca2
product_hero_image: /assets/ta-2000.101-1-1024x635.jpg
description: '<p>After almost 20 years in which we have exclusively manufactured turntables we now added a new division. Since October of 2014, we proudly embarked on producing our own tone arms to sonically for our turntables. Fine mechanical instruments produced to highest standards exclusive made in Germany. The new TA-2000 is the “big-brother” of the very successful TA-1000. It uses the same great sounding armtube but has a more rigid and massive Bearing housing. And also uses the anti-skating mechanism of the bigger arms.</p><p>In recent years, the number of providers of affordable tone arms has declined steadily and existing arms were regularly getting more expensive. Our initiative is to provide a true value in a tone arm and the result is the TA 2000. A precisely manufactured prtecision-bearing tone arm. The TA 2000 is available in 3 lengths 9 inch, 10 inch and 12 inch.</p><p><strong>The Bearing</strong></p><p>For the horizontal and vertical bearings only use precision miniature bearings from the German manufacturer SKF. They are very expensive but manufactured to highest quality level. They are carefully selected. The precision bearings are ultra-precisely adjusted during the production process. The bearings are added with minimal pre pressure for zero backlash to achieve a minimum friction and maximum stability.</p><p><strong>The Armtube</strong></p><p>When it comes to arm tubes – 2 mutually exclusive conditions need to be combined. Maximum stiffness and low resonance achieved by internal damping. Very stiff materials are hard and therefore very susceptible to resonances. On the other side Low-resonance materials are not stiff enough. The solution is a Dual carbon tube. The two pipes are joined by connecting elements. This creates a very rigid tube but still having a high damping and resonance poverty and it is also very light weight.</p><p><strong>The Cable</strong></p><p>When you consider that the signals of a pickup are very small you can well imagine, any interruption and each solder joint makes the signal worse. So we have gone for the cabling of the TA 2000, to a Teflon insulated 6N copper cable which is continuously from the cartridge pins to the RCA plug. Without any interruption – in one piece. For customers who like to try different cables the TA 2000 is also available with 5 pin connector in the arm shaft.</p><p><strong>Azimuth</strong></p><p>To set up a pickup perfect it is required to compensate the possible misalignments of the diamonds and herewith do a proper adjustment of the angle. Many tone arms do not have this possibility. At the TA 2000 it can be done very comfortable and the solution is also very rigid and solid so we do not lose sound quality. At the end of Armtube shortly before the Bearing there is a adjustment option. For this you simply open 2 small screws and then the arm tube can be turned for ± 5 degrees so the angle can be adjusted perfect for each cartridge. If these screws are again tightened the arm tube sits stiff and perfectly adjusted.</p>'
available_for_demo: true
monthly_featuree: false
has_files: false
title: TA-2000
id: 10619636-5d3c-41e1-b68f-95e4adb8331b
product-categories: tone-arms
system_category: source
