manufacturer: 0718d279-b5eb-4605-ab95-0b9057757ca2
product_hero_image: /assets/ta5000-.552-1-1024x635-1589054118.jpg
description: '<p><strong>Tonearm TA-5000</strong></p><p>As always, when we develop a product, we test the conditions for a new product with optimal functionality and then begin in accordance with our development budget. There were no real limitations for the TA-5000 –&nbsp;we could draw on wide resources. The objective was to rethink everything for which an optimal solution did not yet exist on the market.</p><p><strong>The Bearings</strong></p><p>Even with this, one supposes there are already enough ball bearings. However, tone arms have a very tricky peculiarity. A tone arm should guide the needle flawlessly and not create any friction –&nbsp;neither horizontally nor vertically. At best, it should not present any bearing clearance or friction. This does not work mutually.</p><p>If there is clearance, then there is friction and vice versa. The ball bearing for horizontal and vertical movement&nbsp;ultra high precision Hybrid bearings made from hard steel and Ceramics. Only the best of what is delivered make it into the TA-5000. These bearings, are then meticulously adjusted and incorporated always from the same experienced specialist. Even here, we attempt to achieve the demand for zero clearance and zero friction. We provide both bearings with a little bit of pre-stress that eliminates clearance and nevertheless maintains extremely low friction. You can’t see all the efforts we make – but you can easily hear it!</p><p><strong>The Armtube</strong></p><p>The tone arm tube on a tone arm should be as stiff and light as possible and, at the same time, damping. Until now this has been impossible. Either it was stiff and light like carbon but without any damping and with a tendency towards resonances within listening frequency. Aluminum tubes and magnesium die<br>casting are relatively stiff but heavy and also hardly damping. Or it was made of esoteric mixtures and material combinations which were rumored to have tremendous properties until tested. A true solution&nbsp;that verifiably combined all the conflicting features did not yet exist. At the TA-5000 we use a combination of Different materials which are bonded with damping elements between the 2 tubes.</p><p><strong>The Result</strong></p><p>An innovative Armtube concept combined with pretensioned Hybrid bearings ensure that the TA-5000 is a perfect host for any cartridge mounted. The TA-5000 will perfectly guide the cartridge in the groove.</p>'
available_for_demo: true
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p>Total length:</p><ul><li>9 inch 252 mm</li><li>10 inch 270,2 mm</li><li>12 inch 330,66 mm</li></ul><p>Adjustable Cartridge Range:</p><ul><li>4 g – 16.0 gr</li></ul><p>Zero Points:</p><ul><li>Inner: 61.0 mm</li><li>Outer: 121.0 mm</li></ul><p>Signal Cable:</p><ul><li>1.5m length 6N Copper</li></ul><p>Overhang:</p><ul><li>9 inch 15</li><li>10 inch 16,2</li><li>12 inch 12,56</li></ul><p>Effective Length:</p><ul><li>9 inch 237 mm</li><li>10 inch 254 mm</li><li>12 inch 318,1 mm</li></ul><p>Distance Pivot to Spindle:</p><ul><li>9 inch 222 mm</li><li>10 inch 237,8 mm</li><li>12 inch 295,6 mm</li></ul><p>Tilt Angle:</p><ul><li>9 inch 22.00 ¬∞</li><li>10 inch 21,60 ¬∞</li><li>12 inch 17,30 ¬∞</li></ul><p>Effective Mass:</p><ul><li>9 inch 12,4 gr</li><li>10 inch 13,1 gr</li><li>12 inch 14,4 gr</li></ul><p>Weight:</p><ul><li>9 inch 820 gr</li><li>10 inch 830 gr</li><li>12 inchl 840 gr</li></ul><p>Mounting:</p><ul><li>SME Style. Rega as an option.</li></ul>'
has_files: false
title: TA-5000
id: c19d5f27-a7bd-475d-94b1-47fb3dd7b628
product-categories: tone-arms
system_category: source
