manufacturer: 0718d279-b5eb-4605-ab95-0b9057757ca2
product_hero_image: /assets/ta500.106-768x476.jpg
available_for_demo: true
description: '<p><strong>Tonearm TA-500</strong></p><p>After almost 20 years in which we have exclusively manufactured turntables we now added a new division. Since October 2014, we produce our own tone arms. Fine mechanic instruments produced to highest standards exclusive made in Germany. Why tone arms?</p><p>In recent years, the number of providers of affordable tone arms declined steadily and existing arms were regularly getting more expensive. So there was a good reason to develop a Entry level tonearm. The result is the TA 500. A precisely manufactured precision-bearing tone arm. The TA 500 is available in 9 inch.</p><p><strong>The Bearing</strong></p><p>For the horizontal and vertical bearings only use precision miniature bearings from the German manufacturer SKF. They are very expensive but manufactured to highest quality level. They are carefully selected. The precision bearings are ultra-precisely adjusted during the production process. The bearings are added with minimal pre pressure for zero backlash to achieve a minimum friction and maximum stability.</p><p><strong>The Armtube</strong></p><p>When it comes to arm tubes – 2 mutually exclusive conditions need to be combined. Maximum stiffness and low resonance achieved by internal damping. Very stiff materials are hard and therefore very susceptible to resonances. On the other side Low-resonance materials are not stiff enough. The solution is a Dual carbon tube. The two pipes are joined by connecting elements. This creates a very rigid tube but still having a high damping and resonance poverty and it is also very light weight.</p><p><strong>The Cable</strong></p><p>when you consider that the signals of a pickup are very small you can well imagine, any interruption and each solder joint makes the signal worse. So we have gone for the cabling of the TA 500, to a 6N copper cable which is continuously from the cartridge pins to the RCA plug. Without any interruption – in one piece. For customers who like to try different cables the TA 500 is also available with 5 pin connector in the arm shaft.</p>'
price: 1199
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
shipping: 40
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p><strong>Technical Data</strong></p><p>TOTAL LENGTH9 inch 252 mm</p><p>MOUNTING DISTANCE9 inch 222 mm</p><p>THE CABLE1.50m Direct wire, 6N Copper, RCA plugs</p><p>EFFECTIVE LENGTH9 inch 237 mm</p><p>TILT ANGLE9 inch 22,00 degree</p><p>Effektive Mass9 Zoll: 9,3gr.</p><p>MOUNTING HOLES<br>Rega style, also available with SME mounting as a option</p>'
has_files: false
title: TA-500
id: 23fa1ddb-7768-4024-a559-e399d063eddb
product-categories: tone-arms
system_category: source
