manufacturer: c3b32957-10ad-4897-81e5-cad2bef7777a
product_hero_image: /assets/einsteinlitd-1.jpg
quote: 'To summarize the sonic qualities of this brilliant piece of equipment, we''d use such descriptors as tonal beauty and texture, filigreed detail, bass control, dynamic brutality and image spaciousness. It''s a sound that will appeal to the sophisticated and experienced listener, an intellectual rather than an immediately visceral experience.'
quote_attribution: 'Edgar Kramer, 6moons.com'
description: '<p>The development of our latest stereo amplifier, The power amp was heavily influenced by the new design of our mono amplifier, The Silver Bullet OTL. The big challenge was to maintain our claim of realistic music reproduction, obviously influenced by the listening experience of our The Silver Bullet OTL.</p><p>This seemingly simple goal – whilst also keeping an applicable price structure in order – was quite literally driving us in circles. After years of trial and error, the conclusion was to copy our own The Silver Bullet OTL circuit , but with transistors in the output stage. Yet again this resulted in an EINSTEIN typical circuit which, outside of our own adoption, hasn’t seen much of an audience in the world of high-end audio. As in our OTL designs, the circuit is designed as fully balanced and thus is able to captivate with an incredible signal to noise ratio and the elimination of typical sound influencing circuit distortions. By choosing a high bias current design, excellent linearity is achieved with extreme bandwidth extension on both sides of the frequency spectrum. Dynamics aren’t compressed in any way and no matter the&nbsp;listening level, no audible compression level is heard, leaving you to hear every possible detail.</p><p>As with our OTL circuit, a differential amplifier is used in a cascade circuit. The input stage of the new The Poweramp, consists of double triodes, type EI PCC88, which produce extreme linearity. As in the OTL, this circuit utilizes the incoming signal to create an absolutely symmetrical – balanced – signal with the appropriate amplification level. This clever design enables us to use two identical power amplifier transistors in the output stage, with absolutely identical technical specifications, comparable to the power tubes in our The Silver Bullet OTL. The mass here is also “floating”, which in practice means no interference problems with ground loops that degrade the signal to noise ratio. Of course, as is typical with all EINSTEIN electronics, the volume relay is not in the signal path.</p><p>As with all other EINSTEIN circuits, a very advanced power supply is required to maintain stable power for our innovative circuits. Tremendous energy reserves and the decoupling and stabilization of all important supply voltages ensures this even in poor power conditions. Due to the excellent damping factor and the incredible power supply stability – even at the peak-to-peak impulses – our The Poweramp can drive almost any speaker without any problems. Obviously, great loudspeakers will benefit quite nicely from our newest amplifier.</p>'
pairs_well_with:
  - ebebff14-c86d-41c9-af48-0a7748592eaf
  - affcdf72-231c-4c5a-ac51-e7ca5463395a
  - 28bc46cc-646b-4b5e-b8c0-5a38e8d5e90b
also_consider:
  - f429f65b-4072-43e6-a5ea-14a129937848
available_for_demo: true
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li><strong>Fully balanced dual mono design</strong></li><li><strong>Extreme bandwidth</strong></li><li><strong>Outstanding channel separation</strong></li><li><strong>Exceptional signal to noise ratio, greater than 100dB</strong></li><li><strong>Variable input sensitivity for the proper preamp connection; not in the signal path thereby also optimally used in a bi-amped setup</strong></li><li><strong>Special power cord</strong></li><li><strong>Utilizes only identical transistors in the output stage, thus no crossover distortion</strong></li><li><strong>Channel separation:&nbsp;</strong>85 dB or better</li><li><strong>Distortion at 1 kHz:&nbsp;</strong>less than 0,01%</li><li><strong>Output power:&nbsp;</strong>90 watts /8 ohms (140 watts/4 ohms)</li><li><strong>Damping factor:&nbsp;</strong>greater than 250/8 Ohm</li><li><strong>Weight:&nbsp;</strong>21 kg</li><li><strong>Dimensions (H x W x D):&nbsp;</strong>17 cm x 43 cm x 41 cm&nbsp;&nbsp;</li></ul>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>Is there such a thing as coincidence or pure chance? Are events predestined or freely created? Can true genius be a freak accident? It’s possible that true genius may be spawned from a modest family tree lineage or even directly from mediocre parentage. Conversely, it may be the result of an academic or intellectual ancestry. Regardless of heredity, somehow, by chance or predestination, our universal DNA mix sporadically produces superlative brilliance that sheds light on intellectual shadows.</p><p>And although such philosophical and religious meanderings are best left for other writers and publications, given its name and origin, these ideas are relevant to our subject at hand. Has the collective high-end audio DNA spawned an amplification genius? Are we truly seeing a light in the dark.</p>'
    date_of_review: '2007-06-14 01:24'
    attribution: 'Edgar Kramer, 6moons.com'
    link: 'https://www.6moons.com/audioreviews/einstein2/litd.html'
title: 'The Stereo'
id: 8b1afbde-8bb7-462c-a056-905fd5efe778
product-categories:
  - power-amplifiers
system_category: amplification
