manufacturer: 5815c329-d4fc-4b36-b4ca-1eeaffa54f39
product_hero_image: /assets/shunyata-venomdefender.jpg
available_for_demo: true
description: '<p>The VENOM Defender Module was created by Shunyata Research’s designer, Caelin Gabriel, to offer high-performance plug-in protection and noise-filtration for Shunyata’s&nbsp;<a href="https://shunyata.com/products/power-distributors/venom-ps8/">VENOM PS8</a>&nbsp;power distributor. The Defender is the first and only product of its kind that provides superior protection and noise-isolation by plugging it directly into the wall outlet. When combined with the&nbsp;<a href="https://shunyata.com/products/power-distributors/venom-ps8/">VENOM PS8</a>&nbsp;power distributor and several of the VENOM Series power cords it provides the most affordable, performance oriented power-distribution system in the industry!</p><p>The VENOM Defender features Shunyata’s exclusive MPDA (multi phase differential array) which is a 30 element filter network that targets specific noise generated by electronic power supplies.&nbsp; Previously available only in Shunyata’s critically acclaimed&nbsp;<a href="https://shunyata.com/view-power-distributors/?product_tag=hydra">HYDRA Series</a>&nbsp;power distributors, it dramatically reduces the noise floor improving musical enjoyment.</p><ul><li>Plug and play convenience</li><li>System wide transient protection</li><li>Advanced MPDA noise reduction</li><li>L.E.D. fault indicator</li><li>User replaceable</li></ul><p><br></p><p><strong>AMPLIFIERS</strong></p><p>The VENOM Defender is a unique solution that provides surge protection and noise reduction to power amplifiers without the negative effects of traditional chassis based power solutions. The VENOM Defender eliminates the need for an extra power cord, internal wiring, outlets, breakers, coils and even shelf space!</p><p><strong>VENOM PS8 &amp; VENOM DEFENDER&nbsp;</strong></p><p>The VENOM Defender offers the ultimate in utility by plugging directly into the&nbsp;<a href="https://shunyata.com/products/power-distributors/venom-ps8/">VENOM PS8</a>&nbsp;or more conveniently into the same wall outlet as the PS8 to provide transient and noise protection for the entire system — without giving up any of the outlets on the PS8! This out-board protection and noise-reduction capability affords virtually unlimited flexibility across the broadest possible range of system applications.</p><p><strong>SIMPLE SYSTEMS &amp; REMOTE DEVICES</strong></p><p>Many entertainment media systems have components that are located in various locations around the house. Buying power conditioners for single devices in multiple locations is not practical and can be prohibitively expensive. The VENOM Defender is the perfect solution for these systems, providing complete protection at a reasonable cost. This solution eliminates the space consuming power boxes and the messy power cords.</p><h3>MPDA FILTER</h3><p>The MPDA is a sophisticated circuit that reduces power-line noise without the negative effects normally associated with conventional transformer and large capacitor design approaches.</p><h3>SURGE SUPPRESSION</h3><p>The VENOM Defender includes 22,000 Amps of transient protection.</p><h3>L.E.D. FAULT</h3><p>Red L.E.D. fault indicator that displays a status of the internal protection circuitry. Plug and Play convenience couldn’t be easier to use. Simply plug it in to the&nbsp;<a href="https://shunyata.com/products/power-distributors/venom-ps8/">VENOM PS8</a>&nbsp;or the wall outlet where the audio system is connected.</p><p><br></p>'
price: 225
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
shipping: 10
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p>&nbsp;<br></p><p><strong>INPUT/OUTPUT VOLTAGE</strong></p><p>– Max Voltage (US): 125VAC unregulated</p><p>– Max Voltage (Asia): 230VAC unregulated</p><p><strong>CURRENT RATINGS</strong></p><p>– Max current: N/A</p><p><strong>OVER CURRENT PROTECTION</strong></p><p>– Internally protected</p><p><strong>TRANSIENT SUPPRESSION</strong></p><p>– NextGEN TMOV Transient Protection</p><p>– 20,000 Amps @ 8/50μs</p><p><strong>SOCKETS / CONNECTORS</strong></p><p>– US NEMA 5-15P</p><p><strong>CONSTRUCTION</strong></p><p>– Polycarbonate / TPE</p><p><strong>DIMENSIONS</strong></p><p>– Length: 4.30 inches</p><p>– Diameter: 1.48 inches</p><p>– Weight: 3.4 oz</p>'
has_files: false
title: 'Venom Defender'
id: a9b08c29-329d-4629-a1d8-67ba75c99eec
product-categories: power-conditioners
system_category: accessories
