manufacturer: 31c7e8d8-9705-45de-9362-f26794678156
product_hero_image: exposure-5010-pwr-amp-pair-silver.jpg
description: '<ol><li>Large custom made toroidal transformer and screw terminal&nbsp;smoothing capacitors for power supply</li><li>All bipolar transistor design using carefully selected parts</li><li>DC coupled throughout</li><li>Electronic, non-invasive overload protection circuit and thermal trip</li><li>Bi-wire speaker outputs using high quality shrouded sockets</li><li>High quality all aluminium case work</li><li>Three year guarantee</li><li>Available in black or titanium</li></ol>'
available_for_demo: true
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li>Power Output : 200W into 8 Ohms, 370W into 4 Ohms</li><li>Input Impedance : 75K Ohms at 1KHz, unbalanced input</li><li>Frequency Response : -3dB at 52KHz, ref. 1KHz, unbalanced input</li><li>Total Harmonic Distortion : 1KHz &lt;0.015% at&nbsp;200W into 8 Ohms, 1KHz &lt;0.005% at 100W into 8 Ohms</li><li>Signal to Noise ratio : &gt;120dB, A weighted, ref.&nbsp;200W, 8 Ohms&nbsp;output,&nbsp;&nbsp; &gt;100dB A weighted, ref 1W, 8 Ohms output</li><li>Power Consumption : &lt;800VA, 8 Ohms load</li><li>Mains Supply : 110/120V or 220/240V, 50/60Hz (factory set)</li><li>Dimensions – H x W x D : 115mm x 440mm x 300mm</li><li>Nett Weight (unpacked) : 14kg</li><li>Gross Weight (packed) : 16kg</li></ul>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>British manufacturer Exposure has released a mono power amplifier, the Exposure 5010, which is a blend of the MCX and XM series, but with a rated power output of 200-watts per channel into 8Ω.</p><p>Styling is significantly trimmer than the MCX predecessor, almost identical to the Exposure’s 3010 and 2010 series products. Keeping it simple, the only control on the front panel is a power button.</p><p>Exposure rates the 5010 with a power output of 200-watts into 8Ω and 370-watts into 4Ω, with a frequency response of 10Hz to 52kHz ±1.5dB. The power supply has an 800W transformer, dual rectified voltage rails and 20,000µF of storage capacitance. Cascode circuits are used for the input and second amplifier stages to provide improved linearity and power supply rejection, and high-quality Welwyn RC55 resistors and polypropylene and polystyrene capacitors are used in critical circuit positions. The Exposure 5010 has both balanced and unbalanced inputs, with switching between the two controlled by relay to ensure the shortest possible signal path.</p>'
    date_of_review: '2020-05-09'
title: '5010 Mono'
id: 954e7626-5fe0-4d49-8cc0-230f15463b80
product-categories: power-amplifiers
system_category: amplification
blueprint: product
