manufacturer: 5dbb9d91-056a-4dc4-b211-36450abafa02
product_hero_image: dynaudio-confidence-50.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'I’ve spent a lot of time enjoying large, floor-standing, top o’ the line speaker systems. But it wasn’t until the Dynaudio Confidence 50 loudspeakers showed up at my place that I’ve been able to experience a pair of big boys in my current listening room'
quote_attribution: 'Part Time Audiophile'
description: '<p>With great power comes great responsibility. That’s why these large floorstanders are just as adept at shaking the room as they are reproducing the finest of details</p><p>The all-new Confidence 50 stands shoulder-to-shoulder (or baffle-to-baffle) in height with the Confidence C4 – the previous flagship of the range.</p><p>Like that legendary speaker, it’s a three-way design with twin woofers and twin midrange drivers. It’s stunningly constructed. Stunningly finished. And a stunning performer. It uses DDC (Dynaudio Directivity Control) technology to form a sound ‘beam’ that avoids reflections from floors and ceilings. And it features an Esotar tweeter and MSP woofers.</p><p>But it takes all of this – every single component – to a new level of performance.</p><p>The new 28mm Esotar3 soft-dome tweeter takes over 40 years of Dynaudio expertise, plus plenty of new learnings from the award-winning Esotar Forty unit – and rolls it all into the finest tweeter we’ve ever developed. A powerful neodymium magnet system, innovations in airflow routing, the new resonance-busting Hexis inner dome … it all combines to increase detail, clarity and sensitivity.</p><p>The new 18cm NeoTec MSP woofers also have neodymium magnets under the hood, and use glass-fibre in their voice-coil formers for optimum stiffness. The voice-coils themselves are copper (which provides extra moving mass for tighter, more powerful and more controlled bass in this specific driver design). And the entire woofer motor has been designed to harness airflow using an innovative new venting system that’s been machined directly into the magnet.</p><p>The Confidence 50’s brand-new MSP midrange drivers are a big departure from previous Dynaudio designs.</p><p>They use a radical surround design – the Horizon – that follows the cone’s shape right to the edge of the driver. This reduces the surround’s first resonant mode to effectively increase the whole playing surface area and improve performance. They also sit flush with the baffle to reduce diffractions from the diaphragm and the adjacent tweeter.</p><p>Behind the scenes, the basket has been given a new lightweight organic design – one that’s come from extensive topology-optimisation simulations. It increases airflow, maintains its stability and rigidity and reduces weight simultaneously without sacrificing performance.</p><p>Everything is held securely in place in the ultra-rigid, super-damped and acoustically inert Compex composite baffle. It echoes the design of previous Confidences – but brings the look up to date in aesthetics and acoustic principles. That’s because it forms an integral part of the DDC Lens system, as well as providing perfect coupling and decoupling of the drivers.</p><p>Down below is the bass port . You won’t see it; it sits under the speaker. And because it fires downwards, we’ve been able to design it to perform exactly as we want it to without having to worry about putting a big hole in the beautiful finish.</p><p>And, honestly, you have to hear it to believe it</p>'
price: 28999
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: false
shipping: 2
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li>Sensitivity:87dB (2.83V / 1m)</li><li>IEC power handling:400W</li><li>Impedance:4 Ω (Minimum 2.7 Ω @ 79Hz)</li><li>Frequency response (± 3 dB):35Hz–22kHz</li><li>Box Principle:Bass reflex down-firing port</li><li>Crossover:3 way</li><li>Crossover frequency:200, 2860Hz</li><li>Crossover topology:2nd/3rd order with DDCWoofer:2x 18 cm MSP</li><li>Midrange:2x 15 cm MSP</li><li>Tweeter:28 mm Esotar3</li><li>Weight:49.6 kg/109.3 lbs</li><li>Dimensions (W x H x D):218 x 1512 x 399 mm8 37/64 x 59 17/32 x 15 45/64 Inches</li><li>Dimensions with feet/grille (W x H x D):364 x 1557 x 424 mm14 21/64 x 61 19/64 x 16 11/16 Inches</li></ul>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>For me, the Dynaudio Confidence 50s started as a sound that had something cool and certainly interesting in the beginning but it was only after spending time getting to know them that I truly appreciated their strengths.&nbsp;I expect that more than a few listeners will be completely blown away on first listen by the sound of music emanating from these visually striking Danish tech marvels.&nbsp;Some folks may need to leave their biases at the door and give the speakers a little time for a love affair to fully blossom.&nbsp;I was unconvinced at the beginning of my time with them.</p><p>At the end of the review period, I wondered how I could go back to the presentation of a smaller pair of speakers.</p>'
    attribution: 'Dave McNair Part Time Audiophile'
    link: 'https://parttimeaudiophile.com/2020/07/19/dynaudio-confidence-50-loudspeakers-review/'
    date_of_review: '2020-10-21'
title: 'Confidence 50'
id: 2d202ed7-68c7-41ad-8451-c387e243539b
product-categories: speakers
system_category: speakers
blueprint: product
