manufacturer: befbb021-9e3e-4bec-b7e7-fdf17d06ed64
product_hero_image: f502-3q-black-large-floorstander-600x600.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'Fyne Audio’s F502SPs are a vivid listening experience. Massive bass and a fast, forward midband make for a sound few other loudspeakers come close to.'
quote_attribution: 'Northern Song'
description: '<p>The F502 floorstanding speaker delivers the series’ signature clarity and articulation along with visceral bass. The system will suit larger listening environments but is capable of revealing a huge dynamic range even when played at low volumes in smaller rooms. Isotropic energy radiation, with point source constant directivity, is provided by a 200mm (8″) proprietary IsoFlare<sup>TM</sup>&nbsp;driver for outstanding stereo imaging, even off axis. A matched 200mm (8″) bass driver is also fitted to the 64-litre cabinet ensuring a breath-taking Hi-Fi or home theatre experience. Ideal for medium to large-sized rooms, the F502 is supplied with a dedicated plinth incorporating our BassTrax<sup>TM</sup>&nbsp;Tractrix diffuser system, which integrates bass energy uniformly into the room. The luxuriously finished, contemporary styled cabinet is available in a choice of dark oak or black oak real wood veneer and piano gloss black or white. Enhancing its aesthetic appeal, it has a gently curved front and rear baffle which additionally benefits the acoustic performance by reducing colouration effects.</p>'
price: 2495
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: false
shipping: 2
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p>System Type - 2 ½ way, downwards firing port, with BassTrax<sup>TM</sup>Tractrix diffuser. Twin cavity coupled reflex</p><p>Recommended amplifier power (Watt RMS) 40- 180</p><p>Continuous power handling (Watt RMS) 90</p><p>Sensitivity (2.83 Volt @ 1m)91dB</p><p>Nominal impedance 8 Ohm</p><p>Frequency response (-6dB typical in room) 30Hz- 34kHz</p><p>Drive unit complement1 x 200mm IsoFlare<sup>TM</sup>, multi-fibre bass/ mid, with 25mm titanium, dome compression tweeter. 1 x 200mm multi-fibre bass</p><p>Crossover frequency 250Hz &amp; 1.7kHz</p><p>Crossover type 2nd order low pass, 1st order high pass</p><p>Dimensions - HxWxD1114 x 322 x 380mm (43.9 x 12.7 x 15.0”)</p><p>Weight - Each25.2kg (55.6lb)</p><p>Finishes - Dark Oak / Black Oak / Piano Gloss Black / Piano Gloss White</p>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>Let us talk bass, since it forms a weighty part of this ‘speakers design essence and sonic character. The fibreboard cabinet, braced for rigidity, has a “conical Tractrix profile bass diffuser” we are told, that fires downward to a port on the bottom panel – think downward firing cone. Like all loudspeakers with downward firing ports the F502SP has a plinth that lifts it off the floor, in this case a substantial one of cast aluminium with adjustable spikes, twiddled by a supplied tool. ‘Tractrix’ refers to a horn profile developed long ago as optimal by Paul Voight and we described it in our Nov 94 DIY Supplement; Wikipedia has a very interesting explanation with animated diagrams. Klipsch also like to mention use of the Tractrix profile, so it well respected.</p><p>Fyne Audio are saying then that they use this optimum profile for bass port that loads the lower 200m drive unit.</p><p>Above the bass unit lies their 200mm Isoflare concentric drive unit with magnesium dome treble unit at centre, firing out through a short horn. The treble unit plays a strong role in the F502SP I found, coming in at 1.7kHz Fyne say – and our measurements show the ‘speaker is forward at this frequency and above, making for strong projection of detail. Think vivid vocals.</p>'
    attribution: 'Noel Keywood - Norther Song'
    link: 'https://7review.com/fyne-audio-f502sp-review/#verdict'
    date_of_review: '2020-10-22'
title: F502
id: f902251d-9ddc-4183-b2ca-558383c44bd7
product-categories: speakers
system_category: speakers
blueprint: product
