manufacturer: 70535a3a-d216-402b-8c58-eef0130d4462
product_hero_image: rel-g1--1024x819.jpg
description: '<p>Gibraltar G-1 transforms the definition of deep bass for the home. Whether used singly in multiples, we know of no finer ambient space and deep bass reproducer. G-1 combines shocking speed and clarity with formidable power handling and depth. G-1 combines a cabinet of remarkable complexity, with a power amplifier capable of sufficient current production to develop even the lowest, sustained passages‚Äîwhether in ultra high-end home theater or the finest audiophile music system. And it all starts with the fastest filter circuits ever fitted to a home subwoofer. The bass note is then shaped and toned through truly environmentally friendly recycled blue jean material used as damping, and explodes outward through an ultra light, stiff carbon fibre 12″ bass engine unique to G-1.</p><p>The massively beautiful, finned, alloy heatsink is necessary when dissipating the sorts of power necessary for prodigious deep bass for hours on end. Capable of outputting a conservative 600W (120V) on occasion, the dedicated REL Class A/B amplifier used in G-1 is a true dreadnaught. Powerful, fast and capable of tremendous current delivery, it is the finest amplifier ever designed by our engineers.</p><p>Power is of little use unless properly directed. The filter circuit used in G-1 is the fastest we know of in existence. Measured at just 4 milliseconds of group delay, this design features a 2nd order Bessel function crossover that begins as low as 20 Hz, necessary because G-1 can extend lower than that in many rooms. Additionally, we employ a secondary filter set at approximately 220Hz to roll off any remnants of midrange that might otherwise be audible.</p><p>Finally, G-1 possesses a dedicated Dolby .1 LFE input with its own 4th order crossover set at the Dolby mandated 120Hz and we outfit this circuit with its own separate volume control allowing G-1 to simultaneously reproduce the deepest bass for main speakers as well as home theater signals, all without having to invest in separate subs for each purpose. Additionally, G-1 provides independent volume for High level as well as .1 for perfect flexibility.</p>'
available_for_demo: true
monthly_featuree: false
specifications:
  - 'The 12″ bass engine fitted to every G-1 features ultra light, stiff carbon fibre – the same stuff used to craft racecar chassis – as weight goes down, speed goes up. Power production is handled by a large 4-layer Kapton voice coil capable of dissipating 700 watts, while the superior travel of the long-throw high energy suspension produces awe inspiring volume levels in your home.'
has_files: false
title: 'Gibraltar G1'
id: ecdd6be0-0b10-4da7-a904-cc7ad84069c3
product-categories: subwoofers
system_category: speakers
blueprint: product
