manufacturer: 0718d279-b5eb-4605-ab95-0b9057757ca2
product_hero_image: ta1000-9.99-768x476.jpg
description: '<p><strong>Tonearm TA-1000</strong></p><p>Since our start in 1996 we have received enquiries about tonearms for use with our Acoustic Signature turntables. We have had to recommend the finest arms from other manufacturers. After almost 20 years in which we have exclusively manufactured turntables we now added a new division. Since October 2014, we produce our own tone arms. Fine mechanic instruments produced to highest standards exclusive made in Germany. Why tone arms?</p><p>In recent years, the number of providers of affordable tone arms declined steadily and existing arms were regularly getting more expensive. The result is the TA 1000. A precisely manufactured prtecision-bearing tone arm. The TA 1000 is available in 3 lengths 9 inch, 10 inch and 12 inch.</p><p><strong>The Bearing</strong></p><p>For the horizontal and vertical bearings only use precision miniature bearings from the German manufacturer SKF. They are very expensive but manufactured to highest quality level. They are carefully selected. The precision bearings are ultra-precisely adjusted during the production process. The bearings are added with minimal pre pressure for zero backlash to achieve a minimum friction and maximum stability.</p><p><strong>The Armtube</strong></p><p>When it comes to arm tubes – 2 mutually exclusive conditions need to be combined. Maximum stiffness and low resonance achieved by internal damping. Very stiff materials are hard and therefore very susceptible to resonances. On the other side Low-resonance materials are not stiff enough. The solution is a Dual carbon tube. The two pipes are joined by connecting elements. This creates a very rigid tube but still having a high damping and resonance poverty and it is also very light weight.</p><p><strong>The Cable</strong></p><p>when you consider that the signals of a pickup are very small you can well imagine, any interruption and each solder joint makes the signal worse. So we have gone for the cabling of the TA 1000, to a Teflon insulated 6N copper cable which is continuously from the cartridge pins to the RCA plug. Without any interruption – in one piece. For customers who like to try different cables the TA 1000 is also available with 5 pin connector in the arm shaft.</p><p><strong>Azimuth</strong></p><p>To set up a pickup perfect it is required to compensate the possible misalignments of the diamonds and herewith do a proper adjustment of the angle. Many tone arms do not have this possibility. At the TA 1000 it can be done very comfortable and the solution is also very rigid and solid so we do not lose sound quality. At the end of Armtube shortly before the Bearing there is a adjustment option. For this you simply open 3 small screws and then the arm tube can be swivel for ¬± 5 degrees so the angle can be adjusted perfect for each cartridge. If these screws are again tightened the arm tube sits stiff and perfectly adjusted.</p>'
available_for_demo: true
monthly_featuree: false
has_files: false
title: TA-1000
id: 657ceee3-5726-4a94-996b-40921aabb225
product-categories: tone-arms
system_category: source
blueprint: product
